{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 AppleSymbols;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red107\green0\blue109;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red107\green0\blue109;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Edits from the Jillian Kelly Meeting of Sept 14,2016\
\
Put units in the caption for fig 3/4\
Remove "Normalized" from side title and put "Normalized" in caption for fig 3/4\
Make figure 3/4 lines thicker\
\
Move plots into body of text, either where I mention them or above them\
htb!\
\
\
Results: First P, last sentence\
in at least one case, an *active merger history* in some cases may employ the physical effects. \
\
Remove some of the details, but also add some details. Remove the discussion of the first analysis. \
\
Rerun for some of the timesteps around 1296 and also rerun for a timestep for H3\
\
Insert something like "looking at major mergers above the q>0.8 threshold\
\
Jillian will send edits for Fu paragraph; remove 0.5 value in parantheses\
\
Last purple paragraph; fix some grammar. un capitalize clumpy in parathens and remove period, NOT A SENTENCE\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
There appears to be an influx of gas with low angular momentum feeding the black hole at this timestep that is not associated with the merger occurring at z 
\f2 \uc0\u8764 
\f1  1.2. This may be attributed to the prior, less massive merger at z 
\f2 \uc0\u8764 
\f1  1.8 during and after which a large influx of low angular momentum gas enters the galaxy and SMBH. 
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Fix this paragraph, you can determine where this gas is coming from!!! Figure out where that big influx of low angular momentum (for that timestep!)\
where was dashed line gas at snapshot z~1.8, did it come in from H3? Figure it out! \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\sa256\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs20 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 I retooled the Fu paragraph below, see what you think:
\fs26 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa256\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u8232 
\f3 \cf3 \strokec3 \

\f1 \cf5 \cb4 \strokec5 A previous study by \cf6 \strokec6 Fu & Stockton \cf5 \strokec5 (\cf6 \strokec6 2007\cf5 \strokec5 ) supplies direct observational evidence that gas from a merger can be funneled directly into the vicinity of the SMBH (< 1 pc). Their study examined a collection of twelve low- redshift quasars, half of which are characterized by luminous extended emission-line regions (EELRs). These EELRs were found to have metallicities below the mass- metallicity correlation of normal galaxies and are thought to have resulted from massive, galactic superwinds ac- companying the creation of the powerful radio jets associated with the quasars. The quasars hosting EELRs \'a0were also found to have low-metallicity broad-line regions (BLRs) at their centers, while the quasars\'a0without EELRs\'a0hosted BLRs with metallicities above Z
\f4\fs18 \dn3 \uc0\u8857 
\f1\fs26 \up0 . \'a0\cf6 \strokec6 Fu & Stockton \cf5 \strokec5 (\cf6 \strokec6 2007\cf5 \strokec5 ) determined that the presence of these low-metallicity EELRs as well as the similar, low- metallicity\'a0\'a0BLRs are evidence of a merger with a gas-rich galaxy. \'a0Such an interaction may explain both the infusion of low-metallicity gas into the BLRs and the subsequent ejection of that gas by the radio jets, forming the EELRs. \'a0While our study did not measure metallicity or include radio jets, our overall results support the conclu- sion of a major merger funneling gas into the center of a galaxy.\'a0
\f3 \cf3 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\cb4 Other little comments:\
\cb1 \
\cb4 In the text (and plot caption) when you describe Figure 4, clarify that this cumulative distribution is for a single snapshot. \'a0You do say it\'92s at z=whatever, but I think specifiying that it is for a particular moment in time is really key here and it\'92s not as clear as it could be.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
}